### Prerequisites

- A Data Product must already exist in order to attach the new components to it.

### Component Metadata

This section includes the basic information that any Component of Witboost must have:

- Name: Displayed name for the new Data Product Component.
- Fully Qualified Name: Workload fully qualified name, this is optional as will be generated by the system if not given by you.
- Description: A short description to help others understand what this Workload is for.
- Domain: The Domain of the Data Product this Workload belongs to. Be sure to choose it correctly as is a fundamental part of the Workload and cannot be changed afterwards. It _has to be_ the same as the Data Product.
- Data Product: The Data Product this Workload belongs to, be sure to choose the right one.
- Identifier: Unique ID for this new entity inside the domain. Don't worry to fill this field, it will be automatically filled for you.
- Development Group: Development group of this Data Product. Don't worry to fill this field, it will be automatically filled for you.
- Depends On: If you want your workload to depend on other components from the Data Product, you can choose this option.
- Reads from: Represents the potential list of output ports or external systems that this component reading

*Example:*

| Field name              | Example value                                               |
|:------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Name**                | Data Factory Instance                                       |
| **Description**         | Instance of a Data Factory workspace                        |
| **Domain**              | domain:healthcare                                           |
| **Data Product**        | system:healthcare.vaccinations.0                            |
| **_Identifier_**        | _healthcare.vaccinations.0.data-factory-instance_           |
| **_Development Group_** | _group:datameshplatform_                                    |
| **Depends On**          | `[urn:dmb:cmp:healthcare:vaccinations:0:adls-storage]`      |
| **Reads From**          | `[urn:dmb:cmp:healthcare:other-data-product:0:output-port]` |

### Azure Data Factory details

This section defines the details of the environment where the Data Factory will be deployed

- Resource Group: The Resource Group to assign the Azure Data Factory instance to. It must already exist
- Azure Region: Azure region assigned to the Resource Group chosen above

*Example:*

| Field name         | Example value  |
|:-------------------|:---------------|
| **Resource Group** | development-rg |
| **Azure Region**   | westeurope     |

The Azure DevOps project and repository name will be autogenerated by the template and stored on the catalog-info file.

Other environment-specific variables can be set as part of the component configuration once the component has been created. Check out the created component documentation to learn how to do it.